hi guys today we're going to make some
easy oven fried chicken this is like my
third time reporting this video I keep
deleting parts and just oh it's a
nightmare but anyway wash and dry your
chicken okay
the next we're just going to add some
seasoning mix you can go to my blog and
get all the measurements as always I
have like some seasonings saw some
poultry seasoning Cajun seasonings all
kinds of little spices in there go ahead
and pour excuse me half the mixture on
the chicken okay not all of it just half
the seasoning mixture on the chicken and
then use your hands to kind of you know
distribute the seasonings just like that
mix it up and I almost forgot the
paprika oops
gonna put some in there I don't put the
paprika in my flour mixture because it
can kind of make your chicken like
really dark so I only put the paprika on
the chicken itself and there you have it
alright now I'm going to add the flour
to a separate Bowl
and we're going to add the rest of that
seasoning mixture the other half of the
seasoning mixture give that a whisk get
it all combined okay set that aside now
in a small bowl I'm going to add an egg
and some milk alright then I'm going to
add a few dashes of hot sauce I like a
little hot sauce yeah so yeah that's
optional and give it a whisk to combine
what's good what's good okay now it's
time to get started with the dipping I
have my flour right here I got a little
egg mixture right here and I have a
plate to put the
chicken on when it has been breaded okay
so let's get started you're going to
start by dipping that seasoned chicken
in the egg roll it around get it coated
in that egg mixture let the excess drip
off and then put it right there in the
flour then use your other hand to kind
of coat the chicken and that way the
flour won't get so clumpy and then just
shake off the excess flour and just
place it on a plate or a rack or ever
okay
now the chicken has been coated we're
going to let it sit for about five
minutes and then I'm going to dip it
back in the flour I want to double coat
these okay don't put it back in the egg
mixture just put it back in that flour
mixture because you should have some
left over okay and now I'm going to
prepare my thumb my pan I have a baking
sheet I cover it in foil now just place
a little rack on top of it and I have
some vegetable oil here I'm just gonna
make sure that this rack is thoroughly
greased because this chicken can get
really you know it'll stick to the rack
if it's not thoroughly hungries alright
there's our chicken it's gonna place
this on the rack just like that okay now
I have a mixture of butter and olive oil
I'm just going to mom you can brush this
on the chicken you can just spoon it
over the chicken this just helps it form
a nice crunchy crisp crust on it okay
never going to bake for 40 minutes I
like to brawl the last three to four
minutes just to get the skin nice and
crispy and then when it comes out the
oven let it sit for a bit in vent enjoy
thanks for watching guys buh-bye